{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13220\viewh8600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Epigraphia Indica 11:\
no. 14    pp. 147-153 (Narasapatam Plates of Vajrahasta III, Saka-Samvat 967)\
	<https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=fMxgfvhyD7cvftlv9GoMHW9JMGL1kZPf>\
\
Epigraphia Indica 23\
no. 10    pp. 062-067 (Narasingapalli Plates of Hastivarman: the Year 79)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=HoCRp5mAFs0PL7iyDjjK3dafpu7vZ5jG"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=HoCRp5mAFs0PL7iyDjjK3dafpu7vZ5jG}}>\
no. 11    pp. 067-073 (Ganjam Copper-Plates of Vajrahasta III, Saka-Samvat 991)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=R3NNzPlqdjYqm29HmBuqRG7VBLnYwVs9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=R3NNzPlqdjYqm29HmBuqRG7VBLnYwVs9}}>\
no. 12    pp. 073-078 (Indian Museum Plates of Ganga Devendravarman: the Year 308)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=RADZLjJ9rEykCF5YkEa224geDPf54iqz"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=RADZLjJ9rEykCF5YkEa224geDPf54iqz}}>\
\
Epigraphia Indica 28\
no. 33    pp. 185-195 (2 inscriptions: Kendupatna Plates of Narasimha II; Sets II and III)\
	<https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=3pCw986Tq6Q4xEMpmNEkPOLastWQjBau>\
no. 40    pp. 235-258 (Nagari Plates of Anangabhima III; Saka 1151 and 1152)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=ck6oR6c8VIGCCSdUS0u0MAWTgURgyeTW"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=ck6oR6c8VIGCCSdUS0u0MAWTgURgyeTW}}>\
no. 48    pp. 302-312 (Puri Plates (Set B) of Ganga Narasimha IV)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=rb8Tb5eoCL5UxD9Ef33BJBTH0O85OP7x"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=rb8Tb5eoCL5UxD9Ef33BJBTH0O85OP7x}}>\
\
Epigraphia Indica 32\
no. 24    pp. 201-206 (Pattali Grant of Yuvaraja Rajendravarman, Ganga Year 313)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=xFISoxT71pwODfZQ01P4q7ARgYDhjrsH"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=xFISoxT71pwODfZQ01P4q7ARgYDhjrsH}}>\
no. 37    pp. 310-316 (Arasavalli Plates of Vajrahasta (III), Saka 982)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=a0BMp7bj2fesOnUGxAhoxVOLVjOWT3G1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=a0BMp7bj2fesOnUGxAhoxVOLVjOWT3G1}}>\
\
Epigraphia Indica 34\
no. 08    pp. 042-044 (Boddapadu Plates of Vajrahasta (III), Saka 982)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=3jB0BxwkLyC0ZuYcjUD1Pt24ZLgMhGDF"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=3jB0BxwkLyC0ZuYcjUD1Pt24ZLgMhGDF}}>\
no. 28    pp. 189-192 (Napitavataka Grant of Ganga Devendravarman)\
	<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=CJfPVTcluvtqxb3pl7Qf88DJ1fZ3qnVg"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://sharedocs.huma-num.fr/wl/?id=CJfPVTcluvtqxb3pl7Qf88DJ1fZ3qnVg}}>}